Update README.md to add deprecation notice (#42)
json-schema-org/blog: README.md

---
📌 **Deprecation Notice** 📌

This repository is now deprecated. To contribute to JSON Schema's blog please use the new repository ➡️ [https://github.com/json-schema-org/website](https://github.com/json-schema-org/website).

---

# JSON Schema blog

> [![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](https://github.com/json-schema-org/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) [![Project Status: Active – The project has reached a stable, usable state and is being actively developed.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active) [![Financial Contributors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/json-schema/all/badge.svg?label=financial+contributors)](https://opencollective.com/json-schema)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](https://github.com/json-schema-org/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) [![Project Status: Moved to https://github.com/json-schema-org/website – The project has been moved to a new location, and the version at that location should be considered authoritative.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/moved.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#moved) to [http://example.com](http://example.com) [![Financial Contributors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/json-schema/all/badge.svg?label=financial+contributors)](https://opencollective.com/json-schema)
```
